Psalm 91 he who dwells in the secret
Psalm 91 he who dwells in the secret place of the Most High shall abide under
place of the Most High shall abide under
place of the Most High shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty
the shadow of the Almighty
the shadow of the Almighty I will say of the Lord he is my refuge
I will say of the Lord he is my refuge
I will say of the Lord he is my refuge and my fortress my god in him I will
and my fortress my god in him I will
and my fortress my god in him I will trust surely he shall deliver you from
trust surely he shall deliver you from
trust surely he shall deliver you from the snare of the Fowler and from the
the snare of the Fowler and from the
the snare of the Fowler and from the perilous pestilence he shall cover you
perilous pestilence he shall cover you
perilous pestilence he shall cover you with his feathers and under his wings
with his feathers and under his wings
with his feathers and under his wings you shall take refuge his truth shall be
you shall take refuge his truth shall be
you shall take refuge his truth shall be your shield and buckler you shall not be
your shield and buckler you shall not be
your shield and buckler you shall not be afraid of the terror by night nor of the
afraid of the terror by night nor of the
afraid of the terror by night nor of the arrow that flies by day nor of the
arrow that flies by day nor of the
arrow that flies by day nor of the pestilence that walks in darkness nor of
pestilence that walks in darkness nor of
pestilence that walks in darkness nor of the destruction that lays waste at
the destruction that lays waste at
the destruction that lays waste at noonday a thousand make all at your side
noonday a thousand make all at your side
noonday a thousand make all at your side and ten thousand at your right hand but
and ten thousand at your right hand but
and ten thousand at your right hand but it shall not come near you only with
it shall not come near you only with
it shall not come near you only with your eyes shall you look and see the
your eyes shall you look and see the
your eyes shall you look and see the reward of the wicked because you have
reward of the wicked because you have
reward of the wicked because you have made the Lord who is my refuge even the
made the Lord who is my refuge even the
made the Lord who is my refuge even the most high your dwelling place no evil
most high your dwelling place no evil
most high your dwelling place no evil shall befall you nor shall any plague
shall befall you nor shall any plague
shall befall you nor shall any plague come near your dwelling or he shall give
come near your dwelling or he shall give
come near your dwelling or he shall give his angels charge over you to keep you
his angels charge over you to keep you
his angels charge over you to keep you in all your ways in their hands they
in all your ways in their hands they
in all your ways in their hands they shall bear you up lest you dash your
shall bear you up lest you dash your
shall bear you up lest you dash your foot against a stone you shall tread
foot against a stone you shall tread
foot against a stone you shall tread upon the lion and the Cobra a young lion
upon the lion and the Cobra a young lion
upon the lion and the Cobra a young lion and the serpent you shall trample
and the serpent you shall trample
and the serpent you shall trample underfoot
underfoot
underfoot because he has set his love upon me
because he has set his love upon me
because he has set his love upon me therefore I will deliver him I will set
therefore I will deliver him I will set
therefore I will deliver him I will set him on high because he has known my name
him on high because he has known my name
him on high because he has known my name he shall call upon me and I will answer
he shall call upon me and I will answer
he shall call upon me and I will answer him I will be with him in trouble I will
him I will be with him in trouble I will
him I will be with him in trouble I will deliver him and honor him with long life
deliver him and honor him with long life
deliver him and honor him with long life I will satisfy him and show him my
I will satisfy him and show him my
I will satisfy him and show him my salvation